hey my stay on the training room online
com i'm going to show you one way that i
know of how to put rest to one-arm
pull-up using a band on a bar okay this
is one way that I know it's been a while
since I've been a one-hour pull up but
i'm going to try get back into a little
bit and i'm going to try to progress
with his band so i don't know if anybody
knows any other way of progressing with
the one on pull up but i'm going to show
you one way that i know of that works
you're going to actually we're going to
do is you're going to grab the van up
high take it underhand grip alright so
i'm going to start in the down position
i'm going to pull with my left arm as
I'm pulling on the band over the
bar and back down and out as you get as
that gets too easy for you just move
your hand further down on the band okay
it's a good thing just do to do if you
have access to this type of setup as we
do you can just try to do one throughout
the day each time you walk past the bar
just try to Baton went out kind of
grease the group on the movement okay
the further you go down this band the
harder it's going to be for you to do
that one on pull up and if you use a
lighter band it's going to be even
harder so this is kind of a medium
weight band the thicker band might be
easier for you to be able to push off
pull up that arm and give you more
assistance so as you move down this band
it's going to get more more difficult
and then you can actually progress to a
thinner band to make it even harder and
eventually you should be able to get a
one on pull up without any assistance at
all so give that a try and let me know
how you do i would also like to hear
from other people on other ways if you
know how many other ways of progressing
with a to a one-arm pull-up I know I've
seen ropes use as well but I like the
band option it's a little bit harder
okay as you progressed down to the
bottom it's going to give you even less
resistant or assistance so give it a try
let me know how it goes and hopefully
I'll be able to keep posting my
progression with the one-arm pull-up
piece